Reimplement TypedDict in a similar way to Python (#191)
python/typing_extensions: doc/index.rst

      Support for the ``__orig_bases__`` attribute was added.

   .. versionchanged:: 4.7.0

>       The implementation of ``TypedDict`` now follows that in Python 3.9 and higher,
>       where ``TypedDict`` is a function rather than a class.

Reviewer: Good point. Maybe we should just say "closer" rather than "follows":

```suggestion
      ``TypedDict`` is now a function rather than a class.
      This brings the ``typing_extensions.TypedDict`` closer to the implementation
      of :py:mod:`typing.TypedDict` on Python 3.9 and higher.
```

>       where ``TypedDict`` is a function rather than a class.

Reviewer: Looks like you might have accidentally applied the first suggestion here rather than the second suggestion? :)

>       where ``TypedDict`` is a function rather than a class.

Author: Indeed, thanks!

      Support for the ``__orig_bases__`` attribute was added.

   .. versionchanged:: 4.7.0

      ``TypedDict`` is now a function rather than a class.

>       This brings the ``typing_extensions.TypedDict`` closer to the implementation

Reviewer: This one might be on me, not sure 

```suggestion
      This brings ``typing_extensions.TypedDict`` closer to the implementation
```
